I want to create a power app based on the sp list at https://nathanboothe.sharepoint.com/sites/TechFoundry360/Lists/movie_database.



Power Apps GUI and operation

The purpose of the app will be to allow the user to have a movie chosen on random to view.  Before choosing a movie at random, the user should be able to filter the possible movies by Movie Release Year, Genre, Is TV Series.  Once the user has selected all the desired filters, the user should be able to click a button that chooses a movie randomly based on the filter created.  The app should only show movies that have not been flagged as Watched or ignored.  The randomly chosen movie should be displayed with all the data from the movie including the image of the front cover.  The list contains a URL to where the files resided.  The link need to be updated to point to the same image at it's new location at "https://nathanboothe.sharepoint.com/sites/TechFoundry360/Shared%20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx?id=%2Fsites%2FTechFoundry360%2FShared%20Documents%2FDataSources%2FMovieCovers&viewid=07783258%2D60ef%2D4b4a%2Da3ba%2D9cd985c07b65".  The user should be able to click a button that says "Watch", "Already Seen", or "Ignore".  If the user clicks "Watch" the app should display a screen that says "Enjoy Your Movie" and adds "Watched" to the column "WatchStatus" to signify that the movie has been randomly selected and has a user reponse.  The app should add "Already Seen" to the column if the button "Already Seen" is clicked and add "Ignored" if the button "Ignore" is clicked.  If the "Already Seen" button is click the app should display a message that the movie has been marked as already seen and then the app should provide another random movie matching the filter.  The same thing should be done when the "Ignore" button is clicked.

Different app behavior when "Is Tv Series" is chosen

If "Yes" is chosen "Is TV Series" in desired filter the app needs to be able to provide the first season of a given title or the current season the user has started watching.  This will be done by creating a mechanism that will tracking "Watching" and "Watched".  The first time a given TV series is chosen randomly, the app will always show Season One of the series.  Once a TV series has had the "Watch" button clicked once, the column tracking the watch status will be updated to watching.  When the user opens the app again and chooses "Yes" for "Is TV Series", the app will choose a TV Series at random and also display any TV series and Season that the user has started to watch.  The user should be able to click a button "Watch" for the newly randomized tv series.  For the tv series that the user has already started watching there should be a buttons for "continue watching" or "finished season".  If the user selects "continue watching" then nothing is updated in the watch column.  If the user selects "finished season" then the column tracking watch status needs to be updated to "Watched" and new another TV series needs to be randomaly selected.  Now if a TV series season has been marked "watched" the next season for that series should be available to be randomaly shown.  Once there are no more seasons for a given series, the tv series needs to be removed from possible tv series.  Example - If a TV series has three seasons then there will be a record for the titles TV Show Season One, TV Season Two, and TV Show Season Three.  Once the user clicks "Finished Season" for TV Show Season Three, if the app doesn't find a TV Show Season Four record then that means the tv series is finished.  I've created two columns called "SeriesName" and "SeasonNumber" if needed to make this work.  The two columns may need to be lookup columns to other lists, I'm not sure.

Is there anything else you need to know before helping me create this app?
